Add gke known issue (#312)
NVIDIA/cloud-native-docs: gpu-operator/release-notes.rst

  Create the ConfigMap, then update the ClusterPolicy with the name of the configMap in the ``vgpuDeviceManager.config.name``, and restart the vgpu-device-manager pod.

> - When using GKE, there is a known issue in the NVIDIA Container Toolkit v1.18.0 that will miss configure the config.toml file and prevent GPU Operator containers from starting up correctly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When using GKE 1.33+, there is a known issue where NVIDIA Container Toolkit will misconfigure the containerd `config.toml` file and prevent GPU Operator containers from starting up correctly. 
```
